in this movie starts see in a man
sitting at a bus stop
then the lady also sits near him after
coming there
now forrest gump begins to eat chocolate
he offers her saying would you like to
eat
she does not respond
forrest gump says i can eat one and a
half million chocolates as such
then he observes her white shoes
forrest gump likes these shoes
he says your shoes are very nice they
are surely comfortable
she says my feet are aching
then forrest gump tells i have put on
many shoes throughout my life
i will remember the first one shoes of
life if i rack my brain then the story
opens in the flashback where forrest
gump is a child he is in the clinic of a
doctor he is being put on a special type
of shoes having the fixed steel rods
doctor tells he has curvature of the
spine while feet are strong there is no
need to take tension i will make
everything better
forest gump falls down as doctor says i
will make everything better
forrest gump's mother takes him out
she advises him never allow anyone to
say as he is better than you allah could
create all children's feet like you if
he created everyone same but you are
unique in your own
forrest gump is named to him because of
being impressed from his distant
relative's name
so he is given a name forest gump
forrest gump's mother desires the best
education for forest gump
so she takes him in a standardized
school but the principal says this kid
cannot be admitted in this school
because of his low iq level forrest
gump's mother says no my son will get
study in the school of normal children
principal further says in the criteria
of admission to our school forrest gump
does not fulfill the requirements of it
you should admit him in the school which
is for special children like forrest
gump but forrest gump's mother convinces
principal later
now forrest gump has got admission in a
standardized school no one offers him
seat on the bus at the very first day
there is a little girl who asks him
would you like to sit here
and she makes seat for forrest gump
this girl's name is jenny they both
become good friends
forrest gump and his mother only reside
in their house because he is orphan
his mother uses her dwelling as a guest
house making it a source of income so
the visit of people continues in their
house
once a singer visits their house
forest gump starts dancing awkwardly
when that singer is playing a guitar his
walking style is also very strange
after a few days when forrest gump and
his mother are passing through market
they watch the same singer on tv who had
visited their house as a guest and he is
performing the same dancing steps which
were being performed by forrest gump
before him
people are feeling excitement and also
liking him
is telling his story to that lady then
he has a heart attack he says it is
difficult to be kin of someone it is
perhaps the reason of heart attack after
that it is shown that jenny and forrest
gump are very good friends
they meet play go wander and always be
with each other one day they are going
and three kids come after them who
attack forrest gump throwing a stone on
his head stone hits on forrest gump's
head while returning back this hit falls
him down
those kids say to forrest gump you are
foolish
and they are throwing more stones on him
jenny immediately says run forrest gump
run
forrest gump begins to walk awkwardly
and those kids start chasing him riding
on their bicycles
jenny says after him run fast
run fast forest gump he starts running
and his speed increases gradually
and his fitted leg braces begin to break
he increases his speed of running
gradually he runs too fast even his
chaser on bicycle cannot chase him
forrest gump knows his ability to run
for the first time on this day as it is
the first time that he ran it is also
shown along with it that jenny resides
near forrest gump house
she comes to forrest gump's house at
night stealthily saying there is a dog
in her house from which she feels fear
forrest gump says that is a mean dog
jenny and forrest gump are grown up with
the passage of time and the same scene
is shown when three children had run
throwing the stones on forest gump at
first time
all children have grown up today they
again throw stones on forest gump
they are ridden in a jeep not on bicycle
and jenny says run forest gump
run forest gump forest gump reaches the
ground while running where the football
march is being played there a striker is
running and taking a ball for making his
goal
then forrest gump runs too fast as he
leaves that striker behind he leaves
from there while running the present
football coaches ask who is he one of
the trainers says his name is forrest
gump he is not sensible but checking the
speed of his running he is hired as a
football player by them consequently
forrest gump also finds an opportunity
to enter the college
and forrest gump is unaware about the
rules of the football match while
playing but he only knows as to run
taking a ball he starts running as
someone gives him a ball
and he does not stop until his caught by
someone he is very speedy and the march
is being won because of him
forrest gump's reputation touches the
peak with the passage of time he is also
hired in the all-american team and he
continues to play the matches for five
years he gets the degree of college
after playing games for five years
he says i had played football as a
result got degree an army officer also
visits in his college when there was
convocation day in his college and he
asks forrest gump have you thought
something about your career
forrest gump is recruited in army a bus
full of army officers reaches there in
order to pick up forest gump they are
all going for training coming into the
bus he says to driver i am forrest gump
driver replies nothing matters as who
are you
got a worm
go and sit at the back seat he goes to
the backside but no one is willing to
give him seat with him he was also not
given a seat in the bus in his childhood
when he was going to the school only
jenny had offered him a seat an awkward
and bulky boy with thick lips says to
him you can sit here
forrest gump sits there he tells my name
is benjamin but people call me baba
forrest gump says my name is forrest
gump and people call me by the same name
bubba tells him i wanted to start the
work of prawns but was recruited in the
army my mother cooks prawns
actually bubba always talks about the
prawns as it is the precious thing of
his life
forrest gump tells jenny they are
sending me to vietnam
jenny says to him promise me
you will run from that if you detect any
danger there you will not try to be a
legend he says okay i will do the same
one day i will write a letter to you
and then jenny leaves from there and
baba and forrest gump have reached
vietnam
looking at the sea bubbus says i bet
that there will be many prawns in it
let's capture this area then we will
come here to catch prawns bubba has
nothing to say except prawns
bubba says to forrest gump i have a plan
as we will buy a boat after returning
from here and we will catch many prawns
from sea we will have partnership of 50
50.
no house will be required for us because
we can sleep on the boat and our caught
prawns may be our food forest gump says
it is a good idea
now they have spent many months in
vietnam
forrest gump writes a letter to johnny
on the daily basis they are attacked
when they are going to a forest they
begin to escape because of the large
numbering of enemies and their chance of
survival is low
as jenny had said to forrest gump that
you will flee from the in case of any
dangerous situation
you will not try to be hero so forrest
gump runs he is the champion of race he
runs as fast as when he turns back to c
reaching at a point there is no one at
his backside even at a distance
thinking about bubba he returns back to
take baba while running but does not
find him but he finds one of the
soldiers like them who is wounded
lifting him up he takes him at the bank
of a stream
and he again returns to search bubba but
of no use he again finds another wounded
soldier who is also taken by him at the
bank of stream he returns back many
times and brings all soldiers there
saving them
now he has to search baba reaching there
he finds their wounded lieutenant dan he
does not want to retreat but face the
opponent
but forrest gump forcefully leaves him
at the bank of river
forest gump is still returning back to
search bubba while not accepting his
defeat
then lieutenant dan says don't go there
because there are opponents who are
exploding bombs in spite of this forrest
gump goes there and finds bubba
bubba has been shot he takes him back
but bubba does not survive
throughout this journey forrest gump had
also a gun shot on his body then it is
shown that all army officers are
admitted in the hospital
all are wounded but forrest gump is
rejoicing there an army officer tells
him reaching there you are awarded the
medal of honor because you had rescued
the number of the people
now he needs to receive medal from
president
then jenny comes at a distance and calls
forrest
forrest is excited seeing jenny and goes
to her leaving the stage he embraces her
then they have a long conversation and
jenny tells him about the whole journey
of her as which things had been done by
her forrest gump has received the medal
of honor he tells about vietnam he hands
it over to jenny saying i did what you
wanted me to do
then jenny takes him to introduce him
with some of his friends there is a
special friend of jenny among them
embracing forrest gump she leaves with
that friend
jenny again went far from forrest gump
subscribe to movies inspired for more
videos and click the bell icon to
encourage us
like and share the video let us know
what you think by commenting